Now we're going to create some bubble windows for our underwater cavern so you can see here.
I've already created one.
I'll be using this for color reference.
So the first thing we want to do is add a new layer.
Now using the marquee tool and make sure that you're on the elliptical marquee tool we are going to
create a circle.
Now we're going to fill that circle and with this color right here there is its color.
And we'll just fill that in.
Now let's create a noose layer and keep your selection.
We're going to fill this circle in with this darker.
There's its color right there.
Our going to shrink the circle down.
And now we're going to center it now it should click right into place.
If it doesn't click into place go up to view snap to and make sure that your guides layers and document
bounds are checked.
Now what we want to do is create a new layer and then we want to select this dark blue circle.
Now we'll come back up to our new layer and we're going to fill it in with black
.
Now we're going to shrink that down
and then we'll Centra it
going to shrink it down just a little bit more
.
Now let's select our black circle and then coming down to our first two layers we will delete out that
selection
.
Now that we've deleted that out on both layers you'll see if we turn off this black layer we've made
a hole.
Now we can delete our black layer because we don't need it anymore.
Now let's create a new layer.
And we want to drag this layer underneath.
Our first two layers
using the gradient tool we are going to create a gradient between this color
and this color and there is that colors number
and there is that colors number.
Let's go ahead and fill that gradient in.
Now let's resize the circle to make it just a bit larger
than the whole.
Then let's really center it
now will select our dark green and then we're going to create a layer a new layer above our bottom layer
.
We're going to fill this ring with the color black.
Actually let's make it a very dark blue
.
Now make sure you are unselected out of that and it will go up to filters and then Blur and we'll use
our boxy blur again.
And let's put it at 10.
Now we want to do this one.
One more time.
But with the color white.
So we'll select our dark ring out a new layer above our last black layer.
We'll fill that with white
select out of it go up to filter's blur box color and we'll put that at 10 also.
Now using our grab and move tool we're going to nudge that over just a bit.
We want it nudged over enough that we can still see our dark.
And we want our right right next to it.
Now using our erase tool we want it quite large
and let's make sure we're on a soft brush and let's bring the opacity down to two are going to erase
this edge side of our circle
.
Now let's bring the opacity down on that.
There is good.
And now the last thing we need to do is we need to create our reflection in the glass.
So at the very top of our layers we're going to add a new layer then using our rectangular marquee tool
are going to create a rectangle and we'll fill that in with white.
Now we'll want to warp that.
So using command t right clicking and go into warp we will warp that shape to have a curve that will
curve with the bubble window
.
It's moved down just a bit then using our eraser tool with a soft edge.
We are going to make sure that it's its opacity is up to zero.
Are you going to erase the corner of that out.
Now we're going to bring down the size of our brush a lot and we'll take that corner out and we're going
to create a line right through there.
And there you have it you've just created a bubble window.
Now the next step is to cut out our bubble window and place it into our original background document